feat(va-report-components): add reportContextKey doc (#14)
sassoftware/sas-viya-sdk-js: sdk/va-report-components/documentation/docs/api/SASReportObjectElement.md

default value: `true`

### `reportContextKey: string`

By default SASReportObjectElements that have the same `reportUri` or `packageUri` share a report context. This allows for SASReportElements to interact with each other through report features, like filters, when interaction are present. However, as a result, two SASReportElements cannot render the same report element. Setting the reportContextKey to a unique value will give a SASReportElement its own report context and allow multiple SASReportObjectElement to be render the same report element. When reportContextKey is undefined, `getReportHandle()` will return the same report handle for each SASReportObjectElement that has the same `reportUri` or `packageUri`.

default value: `undefined`

> default behavior: shared reportContextKey per report

Author: I'm not sure what the best option is for documenting defaults here. Ideas?

Reviewer: I like the way you did it.  `<br>` needs to be used to keep these lines grouped together but on separate lines.

> ### `reportContextKey: string`
> 
> By default SASReportObjectElements that have the same `reportUri` or `packageUri` share a report context. This allows for SASReportElements to interact with each other through report features, like filters, when interaction are present. However, as a result, two SASReportElements cannot render the same report element. Setting the reportContextKey to a unique value will give a SASReportElement its own report context and allow multiple SASReportObjectElement to be render the same report element. When reportContextKey is undefined, `getReportHandle()` will return the same report handle for each SASReportObjectElement that has the same `reportUri` or `packageUri`.
> 
> default value: `undefined`
> default behavior: shared reportContextKey per report

Reviewer: I took a crack a some restructuring/rewording that I thought might read better.

```suggestion
### `reportContextKey: string`

`reportContextKey` controls the sharing of report contexts between different `SASReportObjectElement` and `SASReportPageElement` elements that originate from the same report.  A shared report context allows for report object actions like filtering and brushing to occur between elements.  Elements sharing a report context also have the same shared instance of a `ReportHandle`, thus all report parameters are also shared. In contrast, unique report contexts do not allow for interactions across elements and result in a unique `Report Handle`. Unique report contexts also allow for multiple instances of the same report object to be shown at one time, which is not possible when using a shared report context.  By default `SASReportObjectElement`s share a report context with other elements using the same `reportUri` or `packageUri`. Setting different `reportContextKey` values on elements from the same report will result in separate report contexts.

default value: `undefined`<br>
default behavior: use a shared report context per report
```

Reviewer: Not sure my suggestions are any more understandable.  Just giving some options to consider.

> `reportContextKey` controls the sharing of report contexts between different `SASReportObjectElement` and `SASReportPageElement` elements that originate from the same report.  A shared report context allows for report object actions like filtering and brushing to occur between elements.  Elements sharing a report context also have the same shared instance of a `ReportHandle`, thus all report parameters are also shared. In contrast, unique report contexts do not allow for interactions across elements and result in a unique `Report Handle`. Unique report contexts also allow for multiple instances of the same report object to be shown at one time, which is not possible when using a shared report context.  By default `SASReportObjectElement`s share a report context with other elements using the same `reportUri` or `packageUri`. Setting different `reportContextKey` values on elements from the same report will result in separate report contexts.

Author: >  "A shared report context allows for report actions, like linking and linked selections, to occur between objects."
Looking at how VA describes it in the UI, should this be "like filtering and linked selections"?

> `reportContextKey` controls the sharing of report contexts between different `SASReportObjectElement` and `SASReportPageElement` elements that originate from the same report.  A shared report context allows for report object actions like filtering and brushing to occur between elements.  Elements sharing a report context also have the same shared instance of a `ReportHandle`, thus all report parameters are also shared. In contrast, unique report contexts do not allow for interactions across elements and result in a unique `Report Handle`. Unique report contexts also allow for multiple instances of the same report object to be shown at one time, which is not possible when using a shared report context.  By default `SASReportObjectElement`s share a report context with other elements using the same `reportUri` or `packageUri`. Setting different `reportContextKey` values on elements from the same report will result in separate report contexts.

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's fine.
